# Re-ID Multi-People Tracking Dataset

RIMT is a new RGB-Depth dataset, acquired from a mobile robot moving in a domestic environment testbed equipped with a motion capture system. This dataset was built to test and evaluate 3D position accuracy and people re-identification performance of multi-target tracking methods based on RGB-D data.

The data was collected by teleoperating the MBOT in the ISRoboNet@Home Testbed with up to 3 targets moving in the environment. The robot is equipped with a tilt-controlled Orbbec Astra RGB-D camera positioned on the head that captures RGB and depth images with 640 x 480 pixel resolution at 30Hz. The testbed is an apartment-like environment designed to benchmark service robots and is equipped with a motion capture system composed of 12 OptiTrack® ”Prime 13” cameras (1.3 MP, 240 FPS), which provides real-time tracking data of rigid bodies with sub mm precision in 6 dimensions with low latency (4.2ms).

Although the camera frequency is 30Hz, the recording of the dataset was done at a lower frequency of approximately 10Hz, resulting in a total of 3144 RGB images, 3437 depth images and 2154 people instances.
The RGB-D images, camera information, a map of the environment on the form of an occupany grid along with map metadata, odometry of the robot, transforms along reference frames and ground-truth are made available as ROS bag files.

People detections originated by the people detector used have also been included in the dataset. This information cannot be considered as ground truth because it is generated by an automatic people detector, but it was included because it can be of great utility for future works that focus solely on the tracking algorithm and require people detections beforehand.

As ground-truth, 3D positions of people in environment were obtained using the motion capture system, together with ground-truth of the robot’s position. Markers were placed on the targets and on the robot. Track ID’s were also obtained directly by the motion capture system. 3D ground-truths of targets that were out of the field of view of the robot or completely occluded were manually deleted.

Besides that, there were frames where the motion capture system failed, due to the positioning of the cameras and markers that were not visible, and the 3D ground-truth of some of the targets was not registered. In these cases, ground-truth was not associated with these frames and they should not be considered when evaluating performance metrics. After this process, ground-truth is associated with approximately 70% of the frames. This process is important because keeping frames with lack of
ground-truth of some targets would lead to errors when evaluating methods on this dataset, such as the occurrence of incorrect false positives (cases where the method outputs a track that is not present in the ground-truth).


## Content of the dataset 

Every bag contains several ROS topics, such as:

```
/head_camera/depth/camera_info					- Depth camera info                
/head_camera/depth/image_rect					- Depth image                     
/head_camera/depth_registered/camera_info			- Registered depth camera info                
/head_camera/rgb/camera_info 					- RGB camera info                   
/head_camera/rgb/image_rect_color				- RGB image				
/mbot_perception/generic_detector/detection_image/compressed	- RGB image with object detections as bounding boxes
/mbot_perception/generic_detector/detections			- Detections generated by the object detector
/mbot_perception/generic_localizer/localized_objects		- 3D Poses of detected objects in the environment
/map      					                - Map of the environment                                                                  
/map_metadata							- Map metadata
/odom								- Odometry of the robot
/tf								- Tf tree 
/tf_static							- Static transforms
/3D_ground_truth_1						- 3D position ground-truth of target 1
/3D_ground_truth_2						- 3D position ground-truth of target 2
/3D_ground_truth_3   						- 3D position ground-truth of target 3
```


The Raw_bags folder contains bags for all the sequences of the dataset with all the ground-truth positions generated by the motion capture system, including in frames where there were failures in the ground-truth recording of some targets and including ground-truth of targets outside the camera view.

The Manually_annotated_bags folder contains bags for all the sequences of the dataset with ground-truth only present in frames where there were no failures in the motion capture system and only of targets that are in the camera view. The ground-truth on the other frames was manually removed.

## Download Dataset

To download this dataset please use the following [link](https://ulisboa-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/ist187134_tecnico_ulisboa_pt/Emz8wKesZThJsO_TNoR1mTkBgnGOf2jFtmD9r8WzB8QeJg?e=AOsoVf "RIMT Dataset").
